Inital draft of hub documentation with examples (#166)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/hub/pages/relay-mode.adoc

[[manual-mode-example]]

> = Manual mode

Reviewer: Relay mode

> In this example, relay mode is used, this is a convenient method where it is assumed that each server has an admin user with the same credentials as one of Hub's user but user still needs to call `attachToServers` method.

Reviewer: I would reword it as something like:

The `Relay mode` is a convenient mode where the same credentials used to login into the Hub API will be used to login into the server's APIs as well the user wants to work with. It is assumed that the credentials are valid in each server and correspond to an admin user. After logging in into the Hub API the user still needs to call `attachToServers` method.

Here in this example, following is happening

[square]

> * User provide credentials for the hub to the login method, a `sessionkey` for the hub is returned

Reviewer: typo: provides

* Using the sessionkey from the previous step, `serverIds` for the servers attached to the hub are requested

> * User calls the hub method `attachToServers`. Hub will use the same credentials used in step-1 to authenticate the specified servers.

Reviewer: 'step-1' -> in the first step

> * `multicast` call is being performed on the specific servers where `serverId` is used to identify the specific sever. Behind the scenes, `system.list_system method` of each {productname} server's xmlrpc api method will be called to get the list of the clients registed with each {productname} server

Reviewer: same comments as in manual mode

* Hub will take care of collecting these results and return in form of a `map`. This map has two entries, entry with `Successfull`  key, has list of responses where call was successful while with `Failed` key  has the failed ones.

[NOTE]
====

> If user wish to get information from only one {productname} server, then Hub also provided a convenient `unicast` namespace. In this case, result would not be returned as map rather exactly as the result are expectd as if user directly call that {productname} server's api.

Reviewer: same as above https://github.com/uyuni-project/uyuni-docs/pull/166/files#r397190306

[[relay-mode-example]]
= Relay mode

> The Relay mode mode is a convenient method where the same credentials used to login into the Hub API are used to login into the APIs of the servers the user wants to work with. It is assumed the credentials are valid in each server and correspond to an admin user. After logging in into the Hub API the user still needs to call attachToServers method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Relay authentication mode is a convenient method where the same credentials used to login into the Hub API are used to login into the APIs of the peripheral Servers the user wants to work with. It is thus assumed that the credentials are valid in each Server and correspond to a user with appropriate permissions. After login, it is still necessary to to call `attachToServers` method to define the subset of Servers that will be targeted in subsequent calls.
```
